<h2><a href=https://www.codewars.com/kata/5832d6e2565e120ae60000bb/train/javascript target="_blank">Build a  Car</a></h2><h3>5 kyu</h3><h1 id="build-a-car">Build a Car</h1><p>Ever wondered how it is to build cars? Today you can have a taste of itand build your own, very simplified version of car using your programming skills. We are going to build vehicles like these below:     ____            __________             ____________    |  []\          |        []\           |[]        []<br>    -o--o-'         -o-o------o-'          -o-o------o-o-'</p><p>(Hope that those resemble cars|buses|trucks).</p><h3 id="short-introduction">Short introduction</h3><p>A single vehicle is built with 3 layers:</p><p>first: <code>' ____'</code>        second: <code>|  []\</code>       third: <code>-o--o-'</code></p><ul><li><p>first layer (top) consists of one space character <code>' '</code> and underscores <code>'_'</code>;</p></li><li><p>second layer consists of a vertical line (rear) <code>|</code>, empty spaces (filling) <code>' '</code>, square brackets (doors) <code>[]</code> and a backslash (front) <code>\</code> ;</p></li><li><p>third layer consists of dashes (frame) <code>'-'</code>, lowercase O letters (axles|wheels) <code>'o'</code> and one single quote (headlight) <code>"'"</code></p></li></ul><h3 id="problem-specification">Problem specification</h3><p>Your aim is to implement 'Car' class/constructor. The instance of 'Car' must contain 2 properties/members <code>body</code> and <code>chassis</code> which themselves are objects.</p><p>Each instance object (<code>body</code> and <code>chassis</code>) must contain one property called <code>component</code>. </p><p>Let's assume that <code>car</code> refers to an instance of <code>Car</code>, then tests can refer to <code>component</code> properties by: <code>car.chassis.component</code> and <code>car.body.component</code>.</p><p>The <code>component</code> properties are of <code>String</code> type, and contain layers of the car. <code>body.component</code> constitutes of first two layers, whereas <code>chassis.component</code>contains the last, third layer.</p><p>In Java, all these properties/objects have to be <code>public</code>.</p><p>The <code>Car</code> constructor takes two integer arguments: </p><ul><li><code>length</code> specifies the length of the car (in number of characters). Must be at least <code>7</code> characters wide (as the first car above), if not, an <code>Exception | Error</code> must be thrown;</li><li><code>doors</code> specifies the number of doors (square brackets) in the second layer. Must be at least <code>1</code>, if not, an exception must be thrown. Another exception must be thrown when the <code>doors</code> parameter is too big for the current car (when we cannot fit that number of doors in the given length).</li></ul><p>The specified error cases are the <strong>only 3 expected</strong> (in Java: throw an unchecked exception), therefore the tests will use only positive integers as parameters to <code>Car()</code></p><h3 id="design-guidelines">Design guidelines</h3><pre><code>    _____________          ______          __________   |[][]   [][][]\        |[][][]\        |        []\   -o-o-o-----o-o-'       -o----o-'       -o-o------o-' </code></pre><p>As we can see, our <code>Car</code> class is quite flexible in terms of number of axles and doors, and here the following applies.</p><ul><li><p>As the <code>length</code> parameter increases, we want our cars|trucks to keep balance, hence the number of axles has to increase. The third axle has to be added at the <code>length = 12</code> and subsequent axles have to be added every time the given length is wider by <code>2</code> (next axle at <code>length = 14</code> and so on). As the parameter is big enough we add axles once to the rear (left), once to the front (right) part of the car - starting from the rear. </p></li><li><p>The situation works similarly with the <code>doors</code> parameter. We try to fit the given number of <code>doors</code> in the given length. The first door is added to the front, the next to the rear, the next again to the front.</p></li></ul><p>One final guide:</p><ul><li>first layer's length = <code>length - 2</code></li><li>second layer's length  = <code>length - 1</code></li><li>third layer's length = <code>length</code></li><li>first and second layers need a line feed character at their end: <code>\n</code>.</li></ul>