<h2><a href=https://www.codewars.com/kata/526156943dfe7ce06200063e/train/javascript target="_blank">My smallest code interpreter (aka Brainf**k)</a></h2><h3>5 kyu</h3><p>Inspired from real-world <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brainfuck" data-turbolinks="false" target="_blank">Brainf**k</a>, we want to create an interpreter of that language which will support the following instructions:</p><ul><li><code>&gt;</code> increment the data pointer (to point to the next cell to the right).</li><li><code>&lt;</code> decrement the data pointer (to point to the next cell to the left).</li><li><code>+</code> increment (increase by one, truncate overflow: 255 + 1 = 0) the byte at the data pointer.</li><li><code>-</code> decrement (decrease by one, treat as unsigned byte: 0 - 1 = 255 ) the byte at the data pointer.</li><li><code>.</code> output the byte at the data pointer.</li><li><code>,</code> accept one byte of input, storing its value in the byte at the data pointer.</li><li><code>[</code> if the byte at the data pointer is zero, then instead of moving the instruction pointer forward to the next command, jump it forward to the command after the matching <code>]</code> command.</li><li><code>]</code> if the byte at the data pointer is nonzero, then instead of moving the instruction pointer forward to the next command, jump it back to the command after the matching <code>[</code> command.</li></ul><p>The function will take in input...</p><ul><li>the program code, a string with the sequence of machine instructions,</li><li>the program input, a string, possibly empty, that will be interpreted as an array of bytes using each character's ASCII code and will be consumed by the <code>,</code> instruction</li></ul><p>... and will return ...</p><ul><li>the output of the interpreted code (always as a string), produced by the <code>.</code> instruction.</li></ul><p>Implementation-specific details for this Kata:</p><ul><li>Your memory tape should be large enough - the original implementation had 30,000 cells but a few thousand should suffice for this Kata</li><li>Each cell should hold an unsigned byte with wrapping behavior (i.e. 255 + 1 = 0, 0 - 1 = 255), initialized to 0</li><li>The memory pointer should initially point to a cell in the tape with a sufficient number (e.g. a few thousand or more) of cells to its right. For convenience, you may want to have it point to the leftmost cell initially</li><li>You may assume that the <code>,</code> command will never be invoked when the input stream is exhausted</li><li>Error-handling, e.g. unmatched square brackets and/or memory pointer going past the leftmost cell is not required in this Kata. If you see test cases that require you to perform error-handling then please open an Issue in the Discourse for this Kata (don't forget to state which programming language you are attempting this Kata in).</li></ul>