<h2><a href=https://www.codewars.com/kata/5db42a943c3c65001dcedb1a/train/javascript target="_blank">LZ78 compression</a></h2><h3>5 kyu</h3><p>In this kata, you need to make a (simplified) LZ78 encoder and decoder.<a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LZ77_and_LZ78#LZ78" data-turbolinks="false" target="_blank">LZ78</a> is a dictionary-based compression method created in 1978. You will find a  detailed explanation about how it works below.</p><p>The input parameter will always be a non-empty string of upper case alphabetical characters. The maximum decoded string length is 1000 characters.</p><h1 id="instructions">Instructions</h1><p><em>If anyone has any ideas on how to make the instructions shorter / clearer, that would be greatly appreciated.</em></p><p>If the below explanation is too confusing, just leave a comment and I'll be happy to help.</p><hr><p>The input is looked at letter by letter.Each letter wants to be matched with the longest dictionary substring at that current time.</p><p>The output is made up of tokens.Each token is in the format <code>&lt;index, letter&gt;</code>where <code>index</code> is the index of the longest dictionary value that matches the current substringand <code>letter</code> is the current letter being looked at.</p><p>Here is how the string <code>'ABAABABAABAB'</code> is encoded:</p><ul><li>First, a dictionary is initialised with the 0th item pointing to an empty string:</li></ul><pre><code class="language-md">Dictionary      Input             Output0  |  ''        ABAABABAABAB</code></pre><ul><li>The first letter is <code>A</code>. As it doesn't appear in the dictionary, we add <code>A</code> to the next avaliable index.The token <code>&lt;0, A&gt;</code> is added to the output:</li></ul><pre><code class="language-md">Dictionary      Input             Output0  |  ''        ABAABABAABAB      &lt;0, A&gt;1  |  A         ^</code></pre><ul><li>The second letter is <code>B</code>. It doesn't appear in the dictionary, so we add <code>B</code> to the next avaliable index.The token <code>&lt;0, B&gt;</code> is added to the output:</li></ul><pre><code class="language-md">Dictionary      Input             Output0  |  ''        ABAABABAABAB      &lt;0, A&gt; &lt;0, B&gt;1  |  A          ^2  |  B</code></pre><ul><li>The third letter is <code>A</code> again: it already appears in the dictionary at position <code>1</code>. We add the next letter which is also <code>A</code>. <code>AA</code> doesn't appear in the dictionary, so we add it to the next avaliable index.The token <code>&lt;1, A&gt;</code> is added to the output:</li></ul><pre><code class="language-md">Dictionary      Input             Output0  |  ''        ABAABABAABAB      &lt;0, A&gt; &lt;0, B&gt; &lt;1, A&gt;1  |  A           ^^2  |  B3  |  AA</code></pre><ul><li>The next letter is <code>B</code> again: it already appears in the dictionary at position <code>2</code>. We add the next letter which is <code>A</code>. <code>BA</code> doesn't appear in the dictionary, so we add it to the next avaliable index.The token <code>&lt;2, A&gt;</code> is added to the output:</li></ul><pre><code class="language-md">Dictionary      Input             Output0  |  ''        ABAABABAABAB      &lt;0, A&gt; &lt;0, B&gt; &lt;1, A&gt; &lt;2, A&gt;1  |  A             ^^2  |  B3  |  AA4  |  BA</code></pre><ul><li>The next letter is <code>B</code>: it already appears in the dictionary and at position <code>2</code>. We add the next letter which is <code>A</code>. <code>BA</code> already appears in the dictionary at position <code>4</code>. We add the next letter which is <code>A</code>. <code>BAA</code> doesn't appear in the dictionary, so we add it to the next avaliable index.The token <code>&lt;4, A&gt;</code> is added to the output:</li></ul><pre><code class="language-md">Dictionary      Input             Output0  |  ''        ABAABABAABAB      &lt;0, A&gt; &lt;0, B&gt; &lt;1, A&gt; &lt;2, A&gt; &lt;4, A&gt;1  |  A               ^^^2  |  B3  |  AA4  |  BA5  |  BAA</code></pre><ul><li>The next letter is <code>B</code>. It already appears in the dictionary at position <code>2</code>. We add the next letter which is <code>A</code>. <code>BA</code> already appears in the dictionary at position <code>4</code>. We add the next letter which is <code>B</code>. <code>BAB</code> doesn't appear in the dictionary, so we add it to the next avaliable index.The token <code>&lt;4, B&gt;</code> is added to the output:</li></ul><pre><code class="language-md">Dictionary      Input             Output0  |  ''        ABAABABAABAB      &lt;0, A&gt; &lt;0, B&gt; &lt;1, A&gt; &lt;2, A&gt; &lt;4, A&gt; &lt;4, B&gt;1  |  A                  ^^^2  |  B3  |  AA4  |  BA5  |  BAA6  |  BAB</code></pre><ul><li>We have now reached the end of the string. We have the output tokens: <code>&lt;0, A&gt; &lt;0, B&gt; &lt;1, A&gt; &lt;2, A&gt; &lt;4, A&gt; &lt;4, B&gt;</code>.Now we just return the tokens without the formatting: <code>'0A0B1A2A4A4B'</code></li></ul><p><strong>Note:</strong></p><p>If the string ends with a match in the dictionary, the last token should only contain the index of the dictionary. For example, <code>'ABAABABAABABAA'</code> (same as the example but with <code>'AA'</code> at the end) should return <code>'0A0B1A2A4A4B3'</code> (note the final <code>3</code>).</p><p>To decode, it just works the other way around.</p><h1 id="examples">Examples</h1><p>Some more examples:</p><pre><code>Decoded                               EncodedABBCBCABABCAABCAABBCAA                0A0B2C3A2A4A6B6AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA                       0A1A2A3A4AABCABCABCABCABCABC                    0A0B0C1B3A2C4C7A6ABCDDEFGABCDEDBBDEAAEDAEDCDABC        0A0B0C0D4E0F0G1B3D0E4B2D10A1E4A10D9A2C</code></pre><p>Good luck :)</p>