<h2><a href=https://www.codewars.com/kata/54cf4fc26b85dc27bf000a6b/train/javascript target="_blank">Precise fractions pt. 1 - basics</a></h2><h3>5 kyu</h3><p>This kata is part one of precise fractions series (see pt. 2: <a href="http://www.codewars.com/kata/precise-fractions-pt-2-conversion" data-turbolinks="false" target="_blank">http://www.codewars.com/kata/precise-fractions-pt-2-conversion</a>).</p><p>When dealing with fractional values, there's always a problem with the precision of arithmetical operations. So lets fix it!</p><p>Your task is to implement class <code>Fraction</code> that takes care of simple fraction arithmetics. Requirements:</p><ul><li><p>class must have two-parameter constructor <code>Fraction(numerator, denominator)</code>; passed values will be non-zero integers, and may be positive or negative.</p></li><li><p>two conversion methods must be supported:</p></li><li><p><code>toDecimal()</code> returns decimal representation of fraction</p></li><li><p><code>toString()</code> returns string with fractional representation of stored value in format:</p><p> [ SIGN ] [ WHOLES ] [ NUMERATOR / DENOMINATOR ]</p><ul><li><strong>Note</strong>: each part is returned only if it is available and non-zero, with the only possible space character going between WHOLES and fraction. Examples: '-1/2', '3', '-5 3/4'</li></ul></li><li><p>The fractional part must always be normalized (ie. the numerator and denominators must not have any common divisors).</p></li><li><p>Four operations need to be implemented: <code>add</code>, <code>subtract</code>, <code>multiply</code> and <code>divide</code>. Each of them may take integers as well as another <code>Fraction</code> instance as an argument, and must return a new <code>Fraction</code> instance.</p></li><li><p>Instances must be immutable, hence none of the operations may modify either of the objects it is called upon, nor the passed argument.</p></li></ul><h4 id="python-notes">Python Notes</h4><ul><li>If one integer is passed into the initialiser, then the fraction should be assumed to represent an integer not a fraction.</li><li>You must implement the standard operator overrides <code>__add__</code>, <code>__sub__</code>, <code>__mul__</code>, <code>__div__</code>, in each case you should support <code>other</code> being an <code>int</code> or another instance of <code>Fraction</code>.</li><li>Implement <code>__str__</code> and <code>to_decimal</code> in place of <code>toString</code> and <code>toDecimal</code> as described above.</li></ul>