<h2><a href=https://www.codewars.com/kata/52dad39eafe5003d57000437/train/javascript target="_blank">An Eventful Bus</a></h2><h3>5 kyu</h3><p>You are a head of an intercity coach company which runs its business in the countryside. Recently you heard that one very large and famous company is launching auto-piloting robo-cars and decided that this is just what your wanted for your new night bus project. </p><p>The idea is as follows - when people take their seats inside the bus, they inform the software about the station where they want to get off the bus. When the bus arrives at the station, those passengers who selected that station will be alerted by a vibration engine in the back of their seats. The trick is not to alert any other passengers - we do not want anyone to accidentally get off at the wrong town because it was dark and they didn't properly look around before leaving the bus.</p><p>To implement that you will need a <code>Bus</code> constructor function to create <code>bus</code> objects. The <code>bus</code> object should have </p><ul><li><p>a <strong>subscribe</strong> method to accept passengers' requests in the following form (here <strong>name</strong> is the station name):</p><pre><code class="language-javascript"> <span class="cm-variable">bus</span>.<span class="cm-property">subscribe</span>(<span class="cm-variable">name</span> <span class="cm-comment">/*string*/</span>, <span class="cm-variable">callback</span> <span class="cm-comment">/*function*/</span>);</code></pre></li><li><p>an <strong>unsubscribe</strong> method to clean passengers' requests from the memory.</p><pre><code class="language-javascript"> <span class="cm-variable">bus</span>.<span class="cm-property">unsubscribe</span>(<span class="cm-variable">name</span> <span class="cm-comment">/*string*/</span>, <span class="cm-variable">callback</span> <span class="cm-comment">/*function*/</span>);</code></pre><p>if no callback is provided, it removes all the callbacks for the given station</p></li><li><p>an <strong>emit</strong> method, which is called like that</p><pre><code class="language-javascript"> <span class="cm-variable">bus</span>.<span class="cm-property">emit</span>(<span class="cm-variable">name</span> <span class="cm-comment">/*string*/</span> <span class="cm-comment">/*, some optional arguments */</span>)</code></pre><p>and calls all the callbacks from pasengers' alert requests for that station, and at the same time no other passengers' callbacks should be invoked. It also uses all of its optional arguments as the arguments to the callbacks (the invocation context is not important)</p></li></ul><p>Also you know the following:</p><ul><li>the function is internal and you control all the data it receives, so no need to worry about the corrupted input.</li><li>the passengers will only pick one station as their desitnation, and it will not change during the trip.</li></ul><p>So while your team is discussing purchase of these magnificent auto-piloting buses on your behalf, you simply need to write the <code>Bus</code> function, because at the moment no one in your company appears to have any programming skills whatsoever. Off you go!</p>