<h2><a href=https://www.codewars.com/kata/65cb0451ac0d2a381c6c617f/train/javascript target="_blank">Number of options to build up a word</a></h2><h3>5 kyu</h3><h1 id="task">Task</h1><p>You are given a <strong>target word</strong> and a <strong>collection of strings</strong>. Your task is to <strong>count in how many ways you can build up a target word from the strings in the collection.</strong></p><p>You can use any string in the collection <em><strong>as many times</strong></em> as needed, but you need to use that string <strong>as it is</strong> (meaning you can't remove characters from it). Either use all of it or don't use it. If it doesn't fully match your needs, see if another string in the collection does.</p><h1 id="examples">Examples</h1><ol><li><p>For target word <code>"example"</code> and collection of words <code>["exa", "exam", "ple"]</code> there is just <code>1</code> option of how you can use the strings in the collection to create the word <code>"example"</code>: taking strings <code>"exam"</code> and <code>"ple"</code>.</p><p>So you should return <code>1</code> for this case.</p></li><li><p>For target word <code>"example"</code> and collection of words <code>["exa", "exam", "ple", "mple"]</code> we now have <code>2</code> options:</p><ul><li><code>"exa"</code> + <code>"mple"</code></li><li><code>"exam"</code> + <code>"ple"</code></li></ul><p> So you should return <code>2</code> for this case.</p></li><li><p>For target word <code>"example"</code> and collection of words <code>["exa", "ple"]</code> we <strong>cannot</strong> construct the target word.</p><p>So you should return <code>0</code> for this case.</p></li></ol><h1 id="input">Input</h1><p>For input, you will receive:</p><ol><li><strong><code>target</code></strong> - target word as a string</li></ol><ol start="2"><li><strong><code>arr</code></strong> - an array of unique strings</li></ol><p>All strings will be lowercase. All inputs are valid.</p><h1 id="output">Output</h1><p>You should return the number of ways you can build up a target word from the strings in the given collection.</p><ul><li>Return <code>0</code> if this is <strong>impossible</strong>.</li><li>Return <code>1</code> if the target is an <strong>empty string</strong>.</li></ul><h1 id="tests">Tests</h1><p>Total number of tests is <code>300</code>.</p><p>You need to come up with an efficient approach so your solution doesn't time out.</p><h4 id="good-luck">Good luck!</h4>