<h2><a href=https://www.codewars.com/kata/5953c6f8af7ac14fd4000021/train/javascript target="_blank">Simple Fun #326a: The Shorterest Time</a></h2><h3>6 kyu</h3><h1 id="task">Task</h1><p>John is a programmer. He treasures his time very much. He lives on the <code>n</code> floor of a building. Every morning he will go downstairs as quickly as possible to begin his great work today.</p><p>There are two ways he goes downstairs: walking or taking the elevator.</p><p>When John uses the elevator, he will go through the following steps:</p><pre><code>1. Waiting the elevator from m floor to n floor;1a. Or take the stairs to m floor;2. Waiting the elevator open the door and go in;3. Waiting the elevator close the door;4. Waiting the elevator down to 0 floor;5. Waiting the elevator open the door and go out;(the time of go in/go out the elevator will be ignored)</code></pre><p>Given the following arguments:</p><pre><code>n: An integer. The floor of John(0-based).m: An integer. The floor of the elevator(0-based).speeds: An array of integer. It contains four integer [a,b,c,d]        a: The seconds required when the elevator rises or falls 1 floor        b: The seconds required when the elevator open the door        c: The seconds required when the elevator close the door        d: The seconds required when John walks to n-1 or n+1 floor</code></pre><p>Please help John to calculate the shortest time to go downstairs.</p><h1 id="example">Example</h1><p>For <code>n = 4, m = 5 and speeds = [1,2,3,10]</code>, the output should be <code>12</code>.</p><p>John go downstairs by using the elevator:</p><p><code>1 + 2 + 3 + 4 + 2 = 12</code></p><p>For <code>n = 0, m = 5 and speeds = [1,2,3,10]</code>, the output should be <code>0</code>.</p><p>John is already at <code>0</code> floor, so the output is <code>0</code>.</p><p>For <code>n = 4, m = 3 and speeds = [2,3,4,5]</code>, the output should be <code>20</code>.</p><p>John go downstairs by walking:</p><p><code>5 x 4 = 20</code></p><p>For <code>n = 7, m = 6 and speeds = [3,1,1,4]</code>, the output should be <code>25</code>.</p><p>John walks down 1 floor and takes the elevator from there.</p><p><code>1×4 + 1 + 1 + 6×3 + 1 = 25</code></p><p>Pure walk would have taken <code>7×4 = 28</code>; pure elevator would have taken <code>1×3 + 1 + 1 + 7×3 + 1 = 27</code>.</p><h1 id="note">Note</h1><p>These are Dutch floors. They are numbered 0-based. (<code>0</code> is usually called "begane grond".)</p>